Add reference about all the supported Databases (#70)
LangStream/documentation: configuration-resources/data-storage/cassandra.md

### Connecting to Apache Cassandra

> In order to use Apache Cassandra as a vector database you have to create a "vector-database" (or "datasource") resource in your configuration.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Apache Cassandra as a vector database, create a "vector-database" (or "datasource") resource in your configuration.yaml file.
```

Support for Vector Search is available since Cassandra 5.0, so you need to use a version of Cassandra >= 5.0 or equivalent.

```yaml
resources:
  - type: "vector-database"
    name: "CassandraDataSource"
    configuration:
      service: "cassandra"
      username: "{{{ secrets.cassandra.username }}}"
      password: "{{{ secrets.cassandra.password }}}"
      port: "{{{ secrets.cassandra.port }}}"
      contact-points: "{{{ secrets.cassandra.contact-points }}}"
      loadBalancing-localDc: "{{{ secrets.cassandra.loadBalancing-localDc }}}"
      
```

> You are required to provide the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required parameters:
```

> - contact-points: the addess to connect to Cassandra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- contact-points: the address to connect to Cassandra
```

- loadBalancing-localDc: the datacenter to connect to

Optional parameters:
- port: the port to connect to Cassandra (default is 9042)
- username: the username
- password: the password

## Special assets for Cassandra

> For a "Vector Database" resources based on Cassandra you can use the following special assets: "cassandra-keyspace" and "cassandra-table".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For "Vector Database" resources based on Astra, you can use special `assets` in your pipeline: "cassandra-keyspace" and "cassandra-table".
```

```yaml
assets:

>   - name: "lagstream-keyspace"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: "langstream-keyspace"
```

    asset-type: "cassandra-keyspace"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists    
    config:
      keyspace: "langstream"
      datasource: "CassandraDataSource"
      create-statements:
        - "CREATE KEYSPACE vsearch WITH REPLICATION = {'class' : 'SimpleStrategy','replication_factor' : 1};"
      delete-statements:
        - "DROP KEYSPACE IF EXISTS vsearch;"
  - name: "products-table"
    asset-type: "cassandra-table"
    creation-mode: create-if-not-exists
    deletion-mode: delete
    config:
      table-name: "products"
      keyspace: "langstream"
      datasource: "CassandraDataSource"
      create-statements:
        - "CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS langstream.products (id int PRIMARY KEY,name TEXT,description TEXT, embeddings VECTOR<FLOAT,1536>);"
        - "CREATE CUSTOM INDEX IF NOT EXISTS documents_ann_index ON documents.documents(embeddings) USING 'StorageAttachedIndex';"
      delete-statements:

>         # optional, let's delete the records, but not the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
